Handle several GHC versions (#36)
tweag/gazelle_haskell_modules: README.md

)
```

### Using GHC version 9.0

The current version of `stack_snapshot` requires a specific configuration step when a package relies on an internal private library.

> This is the case of the `attoparsec` version on the stackage snapshots associated to the 9.0 versions of GHC.
> Hence to use this version of GHC, one has to manually edit the stackage snapshot to declare that this internal library exists and how to use it.
> 
> Hence, the `WORKSPACE` file should explicitly contain the setup steps for `attoparsec`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the case of the `attoparsec` version on the stackage snapshots associated to the 9.0 versions of GHC.
Hence to use this version of GHC, one has to manually edit the `stack_snapshot` rule to declare that this internal library exists and how to use it.
```
